updated fusion compatibility matrix table (#8282)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/fusion/supported-features.md

- To learn about the <Term id="lsp"/> features supported across the <Constant name="dbt_platform"/>, refer to [About dbt LSP](/docs/about-dbt-lsp).
- To stay up-to-date on the latest features and capabilities, check out the [Fusion diaries](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-fusion/discussions).

Some features need you to configure [`static_analysis`](/docs/fusion/new-concepts#configuring-static_analysis) in order to work. If you're not sure what features are available, check out the following table.  

> > ✅ = Available | 🟡 = Partial/at compile-time only | ❌ = Not available | Coming soon = Not yet available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ✅ = Available | 🟡 = Partial/at compile-time only | ❌ = Not available | Coming soon = Not yet available
```

If you're not sure what features are available, check out the following table. 

> > ✅ = Available | 🟡 = Partial/at compile-time only | ❌ = Not available | Coming soon = Not yet available.

Reviewer: [Non-blocker] The way lines 48 and 49 are rendered looks a bit busy. How about listing these items instead of putting them all on one line?

<img width="843" height="86" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8f7a6d67-ad93-4408-887f-e6f86930ba09" />

Author: good shout!

Author: @luna-bianca i removed the 'static analysis' bit and moved it earlier. but kept the other legend icons. does that make it look less busy?

<img width="567" height="118" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/13d1eb5b-c315-4d22-84aa-1909eae56c8b" />p

> > Some features need you to configure [`static_analysis`](/docs/fusion/new-concepts#configuring-static_analysis) in order to work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Some features require [`static_analysis`](/docs/fusion/new-concepts#configuring-static_analysis) to be configured in order to work.
```

Author: @luna-bianca i originally had this as active voice so will keep it since the current sugg is passive

> | **Category / Capability** | **dbt Core**<br /><small>(self-hosted)</small> | **Fusion CLI**<br/><small>(self-hosted)</small> | **VS Code <br />+ Fusion** | **<Constant name="dbt_platform" />*** | **Requires <br />`static_analysis`** |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Category/Capability** | **dbt Core**<br /><small>(self-hosted)</small> | **Fusion CLI**<br/><small>(self-hosted)</small> | **VS Code <br />+ Fusion** | **<Constant name="dbt_platform" />*** | **Requires <br />`static_analysis`** |
```

|:--------------|:--------------:|:---------------:|:-------------:|:-------------:|:--------------:|
| **Engine performance** |  |  |  |  |  |
| SQL rendering | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ❌ |
| SQL parsing and compilation (SQL understanding) | ❌ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ |
| Uses the <Constant name="fusion_engine"/> | ❌ <br /><small>(Built on Python)</small> | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ❌ |

> | Up to 30x faster parse / compile | ❌ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ❌ |

Reviewer: In this table, the spacing between the items separated by a slash (/) is not consistent

```suggestion
| Up to 30x faster parse/compile | ❌ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ❌ |
```

Author: darn i thought i caught all of them! thanks for this!

| **Editor and development experience** |  |  |  |  |  |

> | IntelliSense/autocomplete / hover info | ❌ | ❌ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| IntelliSense/autocomplete/hover info | ❌ | ❌ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ |
```

| Inline errors (on save/in editor) | ❌ | 🟡 | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ |
| Live CTE previews/compiled SQL view | ❌ | ❌ | ✅ | ✅ | 🟡 <br /><small>(Live CTE previews only)</small> |

> | Refactoring tools (rename model / column) | ❌ | ❌ | ✅ | Coming soon | 🟡 <br /><small>(Column refactoring only)</small> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Refactoring tools (rename model/column) | ❌ | ❌ | ✅ | Coming soon | 🟡 <br /><small>(Column refactoring only)</small> |
```
